TFSID1117828 : Update documentation to add CAP_QUERY_TIME_REQUIRES_CAST, timeoutseconds and dialect  in github (#550)
tableau/connector-plugin-sdk: docs/capabilities.md

CAP_QUERY_USE_DOMAIN_RANGES_OPTIMIZATION | Set to 'no' if domain ranges cannot be used to optimize set functions. | yes | yes
CAP_QUERY_USE_QUERY_FUSION | Set to ‘no’ to prevent Tableau from combining multiple individual queries into a single combined query. Turn off this capability for performance tuning or if the database is unable to process large queries.  | yes | yes 
CAP_QUERY_WRAP_SUBQUERY_WITH_TOP | Set to 'yes' if the server can handle a subquery wrapped with only a TOP clause | no | no 

> CAP_QUERY_TIME_REQUIRES_CAST | Set to 'yes' if the time columns must be cast to timestamp/datetime. This capability applies to ODBC connectors. | no | **<span style="color:red">?</span>**   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CAP_QUERY_TIME_REQUIRES_CAST | Set to 'yes' if the time columns must be cast to timestamp/datetime. This capability applies to ODBC connectors. | &ndash; | &ndash; 
```

Also move this line up, capabilities are sorted alphabetically within each group.

CAP_QUERY_USE_QUERY_FUSION | Set to ‘no’ to prevent Tableau from combining multiple individual queries into a single combined query. Turn off this capability for performance tuning or if the database is unable to process large queries.  | yes | yes 
CAP_QUERY_WRAP_SUBQUERY_WITH_TOP | Set to 'yes' if the server can handle a subquery wrapped with only a TOP clause | no | no 

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
remove added whitespace

Author: Removed the added white space.
